Revision of 3D Secure 2.0 (#2132)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/credit-and-debit-cards/3d-secure/_index.md

### Merchant-initiated transactions

Merchant-initiated transactions are [recurring payments](/features/recurring-payments) initiated by the merchant on behalf of the customer, based on a prior agreement. Examples of merchant-initiated transactions include subscription payments and automatic balance top-ups. 

Merchant-initiated transactions do not require 3D Secure 2.0 authentication.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Mail Order/Telephone Order (MOTO)
 
For [MOTO](https://docs.multisafepay.com/features/moto/) payments, the customer provides their card details to the merchant over the phone or by email. These payments do not require 3D Secure 2.0 authentication. 
```

### Merchant-initiated transactions

> Merchant-initiated transactions (MIT) are [recurring payments](/features/recurring-payments) initiated by the merchant on the customer's behalf, based on a prior agreement. Examples include subscription payments and automatic balance top-ups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merchant-initiated transactions (MIT) are [recurring payments](/features/recurring-payments) you initiate on the customer's behalf, based on a prior agreement, e.g. subscriptions, automatic balance top-ups. 3DS2 authentication is **not** required.
```

### Mail Order/Telephone Order (MOTO)
 

> For [MOTO](https://docs.multisafepay.com/features/moto/) payments, the customer provides their card details to the merchant over the phone or by email. These payments do not require 3D Secure 2.0 authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [MOTO](https://docs.multisafepay.com/features/moto/) payments, the customer gives you their card details by phone or email. 3DS2 authentication is **not required**. 
```

### Merchant-initiated transactions

> Merchant-initiated transactions are [recurring payments](/features/recurring-payments) initiated by the merchant on behalf of the customer, based on a prior agreement. Examples of merchant-initiated transactions include subscription payments and automatic balance top-ups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merchant-initiated transactions (MIT) are [recurring payments](/features/recurring-payments) initiated by the merchant on the customer's behalf, based on a prior agreement. Examples include subscription payments and automatic balance top-ups. 
```

> Merchant-initiated transactions do not require 3D Secure 2.0 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This is already under the heading of exemptions.
